Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
-Ooh.
-Fun.
[dramatic music]
God. it's so hot in here.
Mm. In more ways than one.
-[tires screeching]
-Oh! Hey.
What the hell was that about?
-[tires screeching]
-Hey!
-....
-Hey. look at me!
Hey. hey. forget about it.
You should worry about me.
Why should I worry about you?
'Cause I'm dangerous.
-Really?
-Really.
Okay. Good.
[music continues]
Oh. wow.
I've never been up here before.
Hey. wrong turn.
Are you listening to me?
You're going the wrong way.
[tires screeching]
[man] Hey. hey. slow down.
-Come on.
-[tires screeching]
-[both grunting]
-You got to be kidding me.
-[woman] Out. Now.
[engine revving]
Hey! Open up!
Hey. hey. hey. hey. hey. hey.
back up. back up. back up.
Oh. you live here?
-Yeah.
-Oh. my.
This place is lit!
Oh. my God.
[man] Oh...
Huh.
Lights.
Dimmer.
[chuckles] Sick.
-Music.
-[upbeat music]
[chuckles]
Can I take a look around?
Have at it.
[music continues]
Dimmer.
Yeah.
[intense music]
[gasps]
...!
-I'm sorry.
-[exhales sharply]
Here.
Later.
[chuckles]
[Jaye] Lights.
[gasps]
Get out of my h...
Whoa. whoa. whoa.
whoa. whoa. hey.
-Relax. relax!
-[woman screams]
-[groans]
-[man] Oh. my God! Oh. God!
[dramatic music]
[alarm ringing]
[instrumental music]
[music continues]
-Hi!
-Good morning. Mrs. Montgomery.
It's good to see you.
-I adore that top on you.
-Oh. thank you.
[Tess] Can I get you anything?
How about a cappuccino?
[Mrs. Montgomery]
I'd love one. thank you.
It's gorgeous. Tess.
I love it.
Oh. good.
-[both chuckling]
-Oh.
[Olive] I met a guy!
Cool.
You don't seem impressed.
-Am I supposed to be?
-Yeah.
No app this time.
I just met a guy.
-In real life?
-In the flesh!
-What?
-Can you believe it?
-How'd you meet him?
-Roller.
You mean. like.
he was another passenger?
-No. He was my driver.
-Really?
Yeah. really. I mean.
w-what's wrong with that?
No. I didn't say
anything was wrong.
I just want you to be safe.
seems like
you don't know anything
about this guy.
No. but what's there to know?
Like. I've already put
my whole life in his hands.
I was in his car.
he had the perfect opportunity
to kill me.
and he didn't.
Wow.
You're right. He sounds perfect.
He is.
[mumbles]
Oh. my God. okay. bye. Uh!
-Love you.
-I love you.
I think this is mine.
-Excuse me?
-I think the car is mine.
Yeah. Tito.
-Tito. the driver.
-Oh.
Yup. My ride got canceled.
-Hate it when that happens.
-Oh...
-Well. which way are you going?
-Uh. I have a meeting downtown.
I'm headed that way.
Do you want a ride?
No. No. no. that's okay.
Thank you. though.
-You sure?
-Yeah. I'm sure.
Good luck.
You really don't mind?
'Cause I am in kind of a hurry.
No. Come on.
[instrumental music]
Slight change of plans.
We're gonna make a quick stop.
-I'll tip you extra.
-Oh. no. no. no. I'll tip him.
No. My ride. My rules.
-That okay with you. Tito?
-[Tito] Mm-hmm.
Perfect.
-Meet my new friend...
-Tess.
Tess. I'm Jaye.
-Nice to meet you. Jaye.
-It's nice to meet you.
I'm curious about what kind
of portfolio you got there.
Oh. Any guesses?
Let me see.
Something to do with fashion?
Whoa. I'm impressed.
-I was right?
-Yeah.
-Can I take a look?
They're beautiful.
I'm amazed by people
who can be so creative.
I sell real estate
for a living. so...
Well. what's wrong with that?
[siren blaring]
I hope it's for. like. I don't
know. unpaid parking tickets
and not. you know.
murder or something.
Yeah.
Um. you know what.
I-I actually.
I don't have that far to go.
so I think I'm just gonna walk.
-Oh. me. too.
-Okay.
Doesn't Roller do
background checks?
Supposedly.
but that doesn't stop somebody
from impersonating a driver.
like what happened in Boston.
What happened in Boston?
Somebody pretending to be
a driver killed three people.
-Are you serious?
-Yes!
Don't you watch Dateline?
[Tess] Um. okay.
Yeah. this is.
this is where my meeting is.
-Knock 'em dead.
-Thank you.
Okay. see ya.
Tess?
I know we're a-adults and all.
and for some reason
we're not supposed
to randomly make new friends.
but. um...
would you like to be my friend?
Yeah. sure. Yeah.
[cell phone keys clacking]
-Cool. All right. bye.
-Bye. Good luck.
[instrumental music]
[music continues]
[music playing on earphone]
[dramatic music]
[Jaye] Come on.
Don't you remember me?
You know this is the third time
I've picked you up. Tess.
You really should pay attention
once in a while.
I could be
some kind of sick maniac.
[sighs]
But it's not just you.
[Jaye] Everyone is so trusting
nowadays.
Most riders
barely even notice me.
But I notice everything
about them.
Everyone is so careless
with their secrets.
I feel so close to you.
even though we barely even
know each other.
But that's all about to change.
I've got a lot
planned for us. Tess.
Buckle up.
[music playing on earphone]
[car honking]
[cell phone beeps]
[instrumental music]
[music continues]
[car honks]
Lights.
[man] Can I take
a look around?
[woman] Have at it.
[beeps]
[Jaye on video] Lights.
-[woman gasps]
[woman] Get out of my h...
[gasps]
[man] Whoa. whoa. whoa.
whoa. whoa. hey.
-Relax. relax!
-[woman screams]
[man] Oh. my God!
Oh. my God!
Help! Oh. my God!
-[thuds]
-[man] Ah!
No! Stop. please! No! Ah...
[cell phone beeps]
Finally.
Jolly Jane.
Jane is jolly.
[birds chirping]
Smile.
Smile big even when
you don't feel like it.
Practice every day.
Smiling can actually
trick your brain.
The facial muscles you use
when you're smiling
make you feel happy.
[indistinct whisperings]
It's good for you...
like talking to yourself.
Talking to yourself can make you
a good conversationalist.
Talking to yourself makes you
a better conversationalist.
[indistinct whisperings]
And it keeps you company.
Not to mention.
it can keep you company.
Just remember. you're only crazy
if somebody talks back to you.
...someone talking back to you.
Jolly Jane. Jane. Jane.
Jolly Jane. Jolly Jane.
Jolly Jane.
[dramatic music]
Oh. man. I have not done this
in forever.
-When was the last time?
-Geez. not since I was a kid.
I mean. I played
in middle school. but I kinda
lost interest in high school.
and now I kind of suck.
-What was your position?
-Pitcher.
-Ah. I was a catcher.
-Wow. You are braver than me.
Being a catcher
always scared me.
Girls sliding into home.
their cleats out.
It must've been pretty tough.
Yeah. well.
my dad kinda made me do it.
He was all about being tough.
[chuckles] My dad
was the complete opposite.
[Jaye] Oh. yeah? Not so tough?
No. uh...
Well. my parents adopted me when
I was really little. you know.
and they were older.
so I think they thought
they missed their chance
to have kids or something. so...
They took it pretty easy on me.
So where are they now?
Uh. they passed away. actually.
-I'm sorry.
-[Tess] Yeah.
Mine. too.
-[Tess] Really?
-Yeah.
It's kind of weird not having
parents anymore. right?
Yeah. Like you don't have roots.
I get really lonely if I think
about it too much. you know?
Most people
just don't understand.
I do.
[dramatic music]
Hey.
-You're up.
-Cool.
Wow. This thing looks
well loved.
Yeah. My dad gave it to me.
Always reminds me of him.
So you took a Roller here.
Do you not drive?
-I'm between vehicles.
-Oh.
[chuckles]
No. uh...
I'm actually in no rush
to get a new car.
I used to be so against
ride-share apps.
How come?
Ugh. it's a long boring story.
But I guess I've seen the light.
you know?
No car payments. no maintenance.
no parking. no insurance.
-Works for me.
-Yeah. makes sense.
-Okay.
-Okay. Let's do this.
Yeah! You're good...
-[Olive on phone] Softball?
-Yes.
-Are you jealous?
-Um. of course I'm jealous.
We've never done
anything athletic together.
Okay. well. then let's start.
How about racquetball?
[Olive] How about drinks.
instead?
[chuckles]
Yeah. okay. sure.
I really want you
to meet Isaac.
-The Roller driver?
-Mm-hmm.
And invite your new friend if
you want. I wanna size her up.
I think you'll like her.
For Steve?
Yes. For Steve.
Okay. Thank you.
[dramatic music]
[music continues]
-[tires screeching]
-[car honking]
What the hell? Give me my phone.
I said. give me my phone.
Stop it. This isn't funny.
[music continues]
Slow down.
Why'd you get into my car.
Steve?
I don't even have the app open.
I actually had
other plans tonight.
but you just assumed that I was
your driver. and here we are.
Pretty careless.
don't you think?
I mean. come on.
whatever comes next.
it's got to be your fault.
isn't it?
And now you're pondering
what your next move is.
Do you attack me?
Maybe you could take me.
I mean. I'm just a girl. right?
But I seem unpredictable.
You know what I think you'll do?
Nothing.
That's what they all do.
Because even now
you truly believe
that I'm gonna let you go.
[dramatic music]
Please...
Let me go.
I. I can give you money.
I-I won't. I won't tell anyone.
[Jaye on video] Oh. yes?
[birds chirping]
[dramatic music]
-[upbeat music]
-[indistinct chatter]
-Olive! Hi.
-Exac... Tess!
-Hey. hi. Mwah.
-Mwah.
-Tess. this is Isaac.
-Hi. Isaac.
-Nice to meet you.
I've heard a lot about you.
Oh? Good things. I hope?
-Uh. no.
-Hey!
-Hey. guys.
-Guys. this is my friend Jaye.
Hi. Oh. my gosh.
thank you so much for coming.
-Oh. yeah. thanks.
-Hi. I'm. I'm Isaac.
Hi. nice to meet you. Isaac.
-Have we met before?
-No. I don't think so.
Hey. you look familiar. Have
I seen you around somewhere?
Maybe you just gave her a ride
or something.
-Oh. you're on Roller?
-Yeah. I just got out of one.
-Oh. nice.
-Smelled kinda funky. actually.
-Yikes.
-No.
See. they always
blame the driver.
but most times it was. like.
the last rider's fault.
Okay. so then the cops
pull us over
and they arrest our driver.
-What for?
-We don't know.
They wouldn't tell us anything.
What about you two.
how did you meet?
-Yup.
-Uh. we also met through Roller.
-Oh. yeah?
-Yeah. I. I picked her up.
And then I picked her up.
Why. you make it sound
so sleazy. It was really cute.
It was so cute.
so I'm talking a lot
like my mouth is running.
and. uh. I'm checking her out
in the rearview mirror.
and then she was like.
"Oh. my God! Look out!"
'cause I almost rear-ended
the guy in front of me.
Because he was
so enamored by me. right?
-Still am.
-Hm.
It's crazy how much trust
we put into strangers
these days. isn't it?
I mean. she didn't know you.
You could have been anybody.
And she just got in your car
alone. defenseless.
I mean.
anything could have happened.
Whoo. you took that
in a dark direction.
But you used to say
the same thing.
But I mean. it makes sense
'cause with everything
that you went through
and stuff...
-Hm.
-What does she mean?
I had my identity stolen
a couple of years ago.
And it was really. uh. invasive.
And the person who was doing it
would send me
all these weird emails.
like taunting me.
-Oh. ....
-Yeah.
So I didn't really trust anybody
after that.
I wrote off all apps
and basically all technology
that I didn't absolutely
have to use.
-Wait. w-w-wait. guys.
-What?
I have a brilliant idea. Okay.
So. like. the four of us met
through Roller. right?
What if there was. like.
a-a ride-share app
that was also a dating app?
Yeah. personally I like it.
-[Isaac] Yeah?
-Mm-hmm.
Okay. well. you wanna invest?
-Okay.
-[Isaac laughing]
You wanna invest?
[tap water running]
[dramatic music]
[indistinct whisperings]
[echoing] Jolly Jane.
Jolly Jane.
[upbeat music]
[Isaac] Yo. J!
-OJ?
-No. no. no.
I said. yo. J! You're funny.
Uh. I finally figured it out.
-Figured what out?
-Where I remember you from.
Uh. I was getting
my vehicle inspection for Roller
and you were there
getting one. too.
One what?
Um. a vehicle inspection.
Look. I don't know
why you're trying
to keep this all a secret.
You and. you and Tess are
just... You're friends. right?
It's not.
you're not like a couple?
I mean. maybe.
maybe you want her to think
that you're more successful
than you are or something.
I don't know.
but. I. she seems really chill.
I don't.
I don't think she would care.
But I know. it's not my place.
It wasn't me. Isaac.
You're mistaken.
[sighs] Well.
if that is the truth.
uh. then you better look out
'cause. 'cause you got an evil
twin running around out there.
[laughs]
What makes you think
I'm not the evil one?
What. what?
You just assumed
I'm the good one.
But what if I'm the evil twin?
[intense music]
[laughs]
Just call me Jolly Jane.
[dramatic music]
[Isaac] Then you better
look out... [echoing]
'cause you got an evil twin
running around out there.
I'm the bad one.
you're the good one.
I'm the good one.
you're the bad one.
[dramatic music]
[laughing]
[engine starts]
[beeps]
Livinia.
It's a pretty name. Livinia.
You know.
we're basically neighbors
'cause I. I live
right around the corner.
[birds chirping]
[dog barking]
Is this the right place?
-Door's stuck.
-Is it?
[Jaye] Yeah. do you have
child locks on?
No. Hold on.
[indistinct]
-[Jaye grunts]
-Ow! Ow! Ow...
[Isaac] Hey. hey. hey. hey.
relax. Wait. Wa-wa-wait.
What? Wait. Jaye?
You know.
I'm pretty hard on most riders.
It's like what we were
talking about last night.
And why do people put their
trust in complete strangers?
I don't trust you. Isaac.
I mean...
-Look at what you're wearing.
-What's wrong with my shirt?
And you definitely
shouldn't trust me.
But it goes both ways. I mean.
most drivers are just as stupid.
We don't know
who's sitting behind us.
We don't know where we're going.
The smart ones.
they have weapons.
-But you don't. do you. Isaac?
-No.
You don't even have a dash cam.
I love my dash cam.
The sunglasses cam
is pretty good. too.
Wait. wait. no. no. no!
Wait. no. no. no!
Ow! Ah! Ow! God!
[intense music]
[music intensifies]
[screams]
[cell phone ringing]
-Oh. Hey. Jaye.
-Hey. what are you doing?
[Tess on phone]
I am making a dress.
-What are you up to?
-Mm.
I'm just finishing a quick lunch
before I show some houses.
[Tess] Wow. look at us.
We're such busy professionals.
[chuckling]
[instrumental music]
[Tess] Are you still there?
Yeah.
Hey. do you wanna
come over tonight?
Uh. yeah. yeah. sure.
Can I bring anything?
[Jaye] No. I got it covered.
My client is here.
so I gotta go.
I'll text you my address. okay?
[Tess] Okay. cool.
I'll talk to you later. Bye.
Bye.
Uh. smells like
disgusting fast food in here.
Did you know Nannie Doss killed
four of her five husbands?
They called her
The Lonely Hearts Killer.
You have any idea why
she didn't kill that fifth guy?
I have my theories.
Aren't we going the wrong way?
I don't know.
I don't know where you're going.
Isn't the address in the app?
I'm sorry.
I shouldn't have picked you up.
I'm tired and I. I really don't
have time for this right now.
I just couldn't help myself.
I just had to see.
you know. if you were dumb
enough to get in the car.
like that last one. Steve.
And guess what?
You're just as dumb as Steve.
I'm calling the cops.
-[tires screeching]
-[groans]
[laughs]
Works every time.
[breathing heavily]
Help!
[Jaye] Help me. somebody!
My passenger has gone crazy!
-Somebody!
-[groans]
[groans]
-[tires screeching]
-[groans]
[sighs]
[Tess] Jaye?
[knocking on door]
Hello?
-You made it.
-Oh. jeez. you scared me.
[laughs]
Thank you.
-Welcome.
-Uh. this place is insane.
How long have you lived here?
How long have I lived here?
Um. I guess about two years.
Do you have roommates?
I think what you're trying
to ask is
how I can afford to live here.
-Maybe.
-Fair question.
I have clients over a lot.
so gotta have a decent place
for. you know...
-Your image?
-Yeah.
A lot of agents rent bus stops.
This is like my bus stop.
-You hungry?
-Yeah.
[upbeat music]
[laughing]
Mm.
So what made you
get into fashion?
I think I've always just
felt I need to dress-up.
-Mm.
-And decided to make my own.
Kind of bored
with what was out there.
Okay. let's see
what you got here...
That's cute. Oh. you have
a lot of power suits.
- Uh. yuck.
- I like this one.
-Put that on with this guy.
-Oh. Yeah.
-Put this guy. Okay
-Okay.
-Now what about you?
-Me...
Let's see. let's see.
Whoa! What's this?
-Mm-hmm.
-This is amazing.
This is mine. Dibs.
I'm wearing it.
[upbeat music]
[Jaye laughing]
Oh. man.
You know. I-I have to say.
I think this is
some of the best wine
I've ever had.
You should take a few bottles.
I've got tons.
No. I'm not gonna take
your wine.
If you like something.
you should take it.
That's what I do.
[cell phone beeping]
Oh. Oh! It's Olive.
She keeps trying to talk to me
about Isaac. but honestly.
I really just can't deal with it
right now.
-So just ignore her.
-Yeah. but then I feel guilty.
Hm. that's something
I've never felt before.
-That's hard to believe.
-It's true.
You've never feel guilty
about anything in your life?
What's the point?
I mean. I-I could feel bad
about the slave labor
that goes
into making my cell phone.
But I like my cell phone.
so I-I don't really care.
Do you?
Yeah. I don't love the idea
of slave labor.
Ah. but I mean. we all do it.
Look at us.
We're sitting here in
the richest country in the world
drinking a bottle of wine
that cost more
than some people make
in a whole month.
I-is it fair? Of course not.
But do I care?
Not even a little bit.
What about you? Do you care?
Yeah. What?
Yeah. of course I care
that things aren't fair.
-Really?
-Yes.
[sighs]
Good.
I like to push people's buttons
when I drink.
-You know. spice things up.
-[cell phone ringing]
Oh. Whoa.
Olive's calling me. and she
never does that. I'll be back.
[cell phone ringing]
-Hey.
-[Olive on phone] Hey. um...
Isaac's been radio silent
all day.
No big deal. right?
Even though he's never played
the I'll-wait-two-days-
to-text-you-back game.
And we're supposed to hang out
tonight. and I still haven't
heard back from him.
so it just kinda makes sense.
-I'm kind of freaking out. r--
-Whoa. slow down.
When's the last time you heard
from him? Like. yesterday?
This morning.
Okay. Olive. you need to relax.
-I'm sure he's fine.
-[Olive] You're sure?
How can you be so sure of that?
Just take a deep breath
and try not to worry.
Have I just been moving too fast
with this whole thing?
Um... I. I don't know.
I don't know. I don't think so.
You do think so. otherwise
you'd have just said no.
-Olive.
-You're right. I'm sorry.
What are you doing?
I am at Jaye's house.
Okay. I'll let you go then.
[Tess] Okay. well. let me know
when you hear from him.
and. you know.
just try to stay calm. okay?
Yeah. I'm so calm. Have fun.
[Tess] All right. bye.
-[exhales sharply]
-Is Isaac ghosting her?
Hardly. She hasn't heard
from him since this morning.
And she's. of course.
already assuming the worst.
-That he's dead?
-God. no!
That he's ignoring her.
Which I mean. maybe he is.
She barely knows the dude.
Do you wanna crash here?
We could watch movies.
tell secrets
and. obviously. drink more wine.
Mm. uh. yeah. maybe.
Keeping your options open.
Smart girl.
-[clamoring on TV]
-[indistinct chatter on TV]
[man on TV] I work
my [bleep] off during the day
and this is how you repay me?
What must their parents think?
[man on TV]
Why are you doing this?
-[crickets chirping]
-[dramatic music]
[indistinct whisperings]
Livinia Fisher.
She was the first female serial
killer in the United States.
This was in the 1800s.
Livinia and her husband
ran an inn together.
She would give her guests
cups of poisoned tea.
Most of them just went up
to their room and died.
But some of them
who weren't all the way dead.
her husband finished them off.
I think it's nice
that they had a common interest.
[Jaye] Some couples play golf.
some play cards.
Livinia and her husband
just happened to both
enjoy killing people.
I'd like a partner.
Not a man.
More like a friend.
[indistinct whisperings]
[gasps]
[sighs]
[groans]
[gasps]
-Who are you?
Myles. Jaye's husband.
Soon to be ex-husband.
I'm Tess. Jaye's not here.
Where is she. Tess?
Showing a house.
Showing a house?
Yeah. she's showing a house
to some clients.
Why are you lying to me?
I'm not.
Well. Jaye doesn't sell
real estate.
She didn't do anything.
Look. I don't know what's
going on between the two of you
and I don't care.
Just tell her
to quit ignoring my calls.
[dramatic music]
[cell phone ringing]
Danny. Hey there.
Hey. Tess. how are you?
[Tess on phone] I'm good.
How about you?
-It's been a minute.
-Yeah. well. let's fix that.
I'm in town for a couple
of days. I wanna see you.
Still no word?
-I'm sorry. Olive.
-Yeah. Me. too.
-Did you text him again?
-Yeah. Totally.
Hey. uh.
so there's something
I haven't told you.
Uh. remember the other night
how Isaac said
that he recognized Jaye?
-Yeah. kinda.
-Okay.
Well. apparently. he saw Jaye
getting a vehicle inspection
for Roller.
An inspection?
Like. to drive for them?
-Yeah. Why would you say that?
-I seriously doubt that.
Because you should see
her house. The girl's got money.
Yeah. but. like. she's already
lied to you about her job.
-Right?
-According to her ex-husband.
Maybe he's the one lying.
-Why would he do that?
-I don't know.
I don't know
why either one of them
would lie about any of this.
I don't know.
this whole thing's weird.
And also if Jaye's on
social media. I can't find her.
-You checked?
-Yeah. I mean. you?
No. I only do that with guys.
-Oh. speaking of...
-What?
-Danny's in town.
-Ooh. Ken Doll Danny.
Well. that's not how I have him
saved in my contacts.
but. yes. that Danny.
Are you gonna have sex with him?
Yes. thanks for asking.
I do think
I'm going to have sex with him.
[laughs]
Amazing...
[upbeat music]
[cell phone ringing]
-Hey.
-[Jaye on phone] Hey.
-How was your day?
-It was fine.
Sorry about
disappearing on you earlier.
[Tess on phone]
No. No. no problem.
Hey. uh. how did it go
with your clients?
Ugh. they have so much money.
but they're impossible
to please. Mm.
I hear that.
Actually. uh. yeah.
somebody stopped by to see you.
-Oh. Who?
-Myles.
-Oh.
-Yeah.
He said
you don't sell real estate.
[chuckles]
He did?
Have you ever driven
for Roller?
Um. no. Why?
Because Isaac told Olive
that you did.
Well. Isaac's wrong.
I don't know. Listen. I have
to get back to work. okay?
-Okay.
-[call disconnects]
[indistinct whisperings]
[dramatic music]
[cell phone keys clacking]
[cell phone beeps]
[instrumental music]
[Jaye] Hello.
Hm. How's your cell signal?
-Not good all of a sudden.
-Yeah. imagine that.
-Jaye?
-You caught me.
.... so Isaac was right.
-Who's Myles?
-What?
Tess said she met someone
named Myles.
Like that was supposed to mean
something to me.
Well. yeah.
Isn't he your ex-husband?
Oh. Yeah. she was married.
Like Livinia and Nannie.
I should have known that one.
I don't really get it.
Is he your ex or not?
Apparently.
It's not like I do a lot of
research when I choose somebody.
Okay. pull over.
I want to get out. Ahem.
Say hi. You're on camera.
Okay. come on. come on.
I-I said to pull over.
Did you know that Isaac
doesn't have a dash cam?
I mean. can you believe that?
It's the best part of this job.
-How do you know that?
-How do I know what?
[mumbling]
Yeah. I'm calling the police.
You know what's almost as cool
as the camera
is this thing right here.
Do you know what it is?
Cell-phone jammer.
It's sort of legal. sort of not.
It's like a grey area.
I can't believe it took me
so long to pick one up.
Oh. yeah. Child locks.
Now's about the time that
they start screaming for help.
but if we could just
skip that tonight...
-I've got kind of a headache.
-Come on.
J-just pull it.
just pull over. okay?
Like. I-Isaac's waiting for me
and I--
I'm taking you to Isaac.
No. but we're going
the wrong way.
He's not at home.
What do you mean? Where is he?
Just sit-sit back. relax.
Enjoy the ride.
Would you like
a bottle of water?
[dramatic music]
[music continues]
Hey. where's Isaac?
Oh. he's around here somewhere.
What did you do to him?
-You can go now.
-[Olive mumbles]
I just need your phone first.
-And your passcode?
-What?
Do you want to get out
of this car?
Okay. okay. 7-7-7-7.
[Jaye] You're kidding.
-[cell phone beeps]
-[Jaye] You're not kidding.
Can you just let me out of here?
Isaac?
-[Isaac] Hello?
-Isaac!
[Isaac] Is anybody there?
Please! Help me!
Please. please. please
don't hurt me anymore. Please.
[intense music]
-[Isaac] No!
-[clattering]
[Isaac] Help! Help!
[breathing heavily]
No. No.
No.
[screaming] No!
Hey. Myles.
[Myles groaning]
Jane Toppan was a nurse.
They called her Jolly Jane.
She killed
over 30 of her own patients.
Her favorite thing to do
was to sit with them...
when they were dying.
watching their eyes.
imagining how they were feeling.
what they were seeing
as they slipped away.
Jolly Jane.
[bat clatters]
[cell phone beeps]
[dramatic music]
-Thank you.
-You're welcome.
[Tess] Jaye?
Oh...
Oh. boy. Hey.
-Hey. Tess.
-So you do drive for Roller.
This is awkward.
[Tess] Yeah.
[Jaye] Tess. wait.
What's wrong?
I owe you an apology.
Really. Tess. I-I'm-I'm sorry.
You know what. you don't have
to do this right now.
Yeah. I do. I lied to you.
I mean. obviously.
I. I drive for Roller.
And I lied about being
a real-estate agent. too.
I'm sort of a part-time
assistant to an agent
hoping to get my license
someday soon.
I was in a really bad marriage.
and I'm trying to get out
of it. but it's not easy.
Myles has me locked out
of all the bank accounts.
It'll get sorted out in court.
but for now
I have to make
all the cash I can.
But why wouldn't you just
tell me all of this?
I know. I should have.
But you were just so fun
to be with.
and I guess I was trying to be
who I wanted to be
and not who I am
'cause who I am
is kind of a mess right now.
Well. um...
let me at least get you guys
where you're going.
-Yeah. okay.
-[Jaye] You both look great.
By the way.
[instrumental music]
[music continues]
[Tess] Oh. um. um. Jaye?
-Yeah?
-You passed where we're going.
Jaye?
Oh. Sorry. I'm a little
distracted up here.
Oh. look at me. Not exactly
five-star service. huh?
Hang in there.
"Hang in there?"
Oh. my God.
[laughs]
[instrumental music]
[Tess on video] Oh. um.
um. Jaye?
-Yeah?
-You passed where we're going.
[Tess on video] Jaye?
[Jaye] Oh. Sorry. I'm a little
distracted up here.
Oh. look at me. Not exactly
five-star service. huh?
[beeps]
[screams]
[dramatic music]
[cell phone beeps]
[intense music]
[Jaye] All of these women
who came before you.
what did they have in common?
Besides the killings.
they all got caught.
And you're gonna get caught.
too. unless you get out of here.
Even if you do get out of here.
it's only a matter of time.
But that's what
the videos are for.
Your legacy.
[indistinct whisperings]
[dramatic music]
Mornin'.
Morning.
So how'd it go with Tess?
You seal the deal?
What is this?
I know.
What a coincidence. right?
You get into my car again?
No. this is a different car.
Yeah. variety. Spice of life.
[Danny scoffs]
Were you just waiting outside
Tess's place to pick me up?
That's it. isn't it?
You just wait there
hoping I call for a ride.
then you get first dibs on me
because you're right there.
[Jaye] No. That's not
what just happened.
That's what I did yesterday.
Are you serious?
[chuckles]
No. I'm kidding.
Of course I'm serious.
you dum-dum.
... You're a stalker.
Serial killer.
Though stalking
is admittedly part of the gig.
[Jaye] You ever heard
of Dorothea Puente?
All right. You had your fun.
Pull the car over.
-Nah.
-I said. pull the car over.
-And I said "Nah."
-[Danny scoffs]
You know Isaac called me OJ.
Do you want me to call the cops?
Uh. yeah. sure.
[Danny] Deal. All right.
No signal?
Don't you hate
when that happens?
Who's your provider?
Are you on an unlimited plan?
...! Pull over the car!
Hey! Are you hearing me?
Pull over the car!
-Pull...
-[tires screeching]
[groaning]
[Danny groans]
[screaming]
[groaning]
[Danny screaming]
[cell phone ringing]
-Hey.
-[Jaye on phone] Hey.
-Thanks for answering.
-Yeah. yeah. no problem.
I know this is awkward.
but I was hoping that we could still be friends.
Yeah. of course. It's not
that big of a deal. Jaye.
And I was wondering
if you wanted
to come over
for drinks tonight.
Oh. um. you know what.
I'm-I'm actually.
I'm super busy with work.
No pressure.
I just wanted to see you
before I go out of town.
-Where are you going?
-Long story.
Well. we'll be here
if you change your mind.
"We?"
Isaac and Olive
are coming over.
Oh? That's cool.
Yeah. they're supes cool.
[chuckles]
O-okay.
Well. um. yeah. I'll let you
know how I'm doing with work
and I'll just text you.
Tight.
[chuckles]
Okay. bye.
Bye.
[cell phone beeps]
Jolly Jane.
Jolly Jane. Jolly Jane.
[cell phone beeps]
Jolly Jane.
[dramatic music]
[music continues]
[indistinct whisperings]
[knocking on door]
Tess. sorry to keep you waiting.
Thanks for coming.
It means a lot to me.
Oh. Yeah. of course.
Thanks for inviting me.
-Wine?
-Yes. please.
Oh. Um. are Olive and Isaac
here?
[Jaye] Oh. they're on their way.
So how was your ride?
Uh. it was fine.
Pretty uneventful.
How many stars
did you give your driver?
-Oh. I never do that.
-Tess. come on.
It's part of the whole deal.
We're all out there hustling
for those five stars.
Uh. yeah. I don't know.
it just...
I don't like the idea that
I'm supposed to do something
other than just pay for my ride.
-It takes like one second.
-Well...
What if I don't have a second
to spare?
I mean. who looks
at those ratings anyway?
What's your rider rating?
-Oh. I have no clue.
-Let me see.
Okay.
Oh. Tess.
-Three point three?
-Is that bad?
[chuckles] I can't believe
you're even
getting any rides
with a number that low.
Whatever. I don't know who would
give me less than five stars.
It's not like I've ever
thrown up in a car or something.
Hope not. That's unacceptable.
Well. then why do I have
such a low number?
Mm... Do you ever make
your driver wait?
Like he gets there
and you're not ready yet?
Not really.
Do you ever get into a car
with your headphones on?
-What's wrong with that?
-Some drivers think it's rude.
-I have to admit I did.
-Did what?
I thought it was kind of rude
when you got into my car
with headphones on.
I sort of picked you up
once or twice
before we officially met.
Once or twice?
And you're just now
telling me this?
Excuse me.
Bathroom.
[dramatic music]
[cell phone beeps]
[music continues]
[cell phone keys clacking]
[cell phone beeps]
[gasps]
[Olive] Yeah. okay. pull over.
I want to get out.
[Tess on video] Say hi.
You're on camera.
Okay. come on. come on.
I-I said to pull over.
[Jaye] Did you know that
Isaac doesn't have a dash cam?
-[footsteps approaching]
-[gasps]
-Can you believe that?
-Ah!
[indistinct whisperings]
[dramatic music]
[Jaye] Sorry about that.
I would suggest
you don't do anything rash.
I've seen it all before.
What did you do to Olive?
[Jaye] I'm taking you to her
right now.
Where?
You'll see.
[music continues]
This is my last ride.
As Jaye. I mean.
It's time for me to move on
to a new city.
So this...
This is what you do?
Yeah. This is what I do.
I was on the East Coast.
and I needed to make some money.
So I thought
I'd start driving for Roller.
My very first night driving.
I had a passenger attack me.
Didn't go so well for that guy.
But it did make me realize
that I could use
this whole ride-share revolution
to pursue my own interests.
Who are you?
You don't know?
I'm Jaye.
And before Jaye I was Charlotte.
Before Charlotte I was Stella.
But that was all just practice.
Getting me ready...
to come back home.
[crickets chirping]
-Where are we?
-This is where I grew up.
I still own it.
though as you can see.
I haven't exactly
kept the place up.
So what now?
Olive's inside.
Try to run back.
Why should I believe you?
I could have easily killed you
at Jaye's house.
That's not what this is about.
Tess. I swear.
[car door unlocks]
[dramatic music]
Olive?
-[Olive] Tess? Tess. help me!
-Olive!
-Olive?
-[Olive] Yeah.
-I'm in here.
-Oh. my God. Olive.
[Olive] Can you help me. please?
God...
-Hey. hey. hey.
-Oh. my God.
[shushing] It's okay. all right?
It's gonna be okay.
We're gonna be okay. okay?
[sobbing]
Hurry.
-She's crazy.
-I know.
She killed Isaac.
-What?
-She killed Isaac!
-Isaac's dead?
-Yes.
Oh. my...
Okay. okay. it's gonna be okay.
-Okay.
-Keep them tight.
[Jaye on tape] Tell you what.
I'll let you go.
but there's a price to pay.
[Olive on tape] Okay. anything.
[Jaye] If I let you go.
Tess has to die.
Is that okay with you?
-What?
-[Olive] Yes.
[Jaye] So you're okay
with me killing Tess?
-As long as I let you go?
[Olive] Yes. Yes.
Just do whatever. okay?
We're-we're not even.
like. friends anymore.
so just. just let me go. okay?
Please!
Can you believe that. Tess?
That's your best friend.
She sold you out
just to save her own ass.
Because you hurt her.
You killed her boyfriend.
[scoffs] Yeah.
I've killed a lot of people.
What do you think
the smell from the garage is?
But even I wouldn't kill
my best friend.
I-I didn't mean it.
[Jaye] Yeah. she did.
But. Tess. I don't want
to kill you. not at all.
I wanna help you.
-Then just let us go.
-That's not helping you.
I want you to know what it feels
like to have real power.
I want you to kill her.
[Jaye] I know.
I know it sounds crazy.
It sounded crazy to me
at first. too.
You will tell them
he was hurting mommy.
-Do you understand me?
-Okay.
Nobody's gonna blame you.
You're just a little girl
trying to protect her mother.
-Hm.
-You'll be a hero.
[indistinct whisperings]
Okay. I'm gonna go.
I shouldn't be here
when it happens.
-Okay?
-Okay.
I love you. Cindy.
-[dramatic music]
-[indistinct whisperings]
[intense music]
[exhales]
I didn't wanna do it.
Even though he could be so mean
and even though he hurt her.
he was still my dad.
And I thought
it would feel horrible...
but it didn't feel horrible.
It didn't feel horrible at all.
It was the best feeling
I had ever felt in my life.
I finally didn't feel afraid.
I felt so powerful.
Why?
Why are you telling me this?
You still don't know?
[baby bawling]
It's okay. Tess.
[echoing] Everything's okay now.
[Jaye] But it wasn't okay.
They blamed mom
and they separated us.
-No.
-Yes.
-We're sisters.
-No...
I couldn't protect you then.
but I can now.
I want you to know what
it feels like to have real power
so that you never have to feel
like a victim ever again.
Just kill her.
Come on. Tess. it'll be fun.
Oh.
I-I can't. I can't trust you
with the bat yet.
I don't know. just strangle
the bitch or something.
-No. Tess. Tess. don't--
-[Jaye] Shut up.
[intense music]
[dramatic music]
Come on.
[music intensifies]
[Tess grunts]
Okay. okay. okay.
Come on. Come on. come on.
-Let's go.
-[Olive grunts]
[Tess] Okay.
[music continues]
Come on.
[owl hooting]
Whoa. whoa.
Help! Help us! Help!
-Stop.
-[breathing heavily]
[man] Yeah. what is it?
What's wrong?
Oh. my God. what happened?
Can you call someone. please?
-What happened?
-Please. please. just please.
[indistinct whisperings]
[upbeat music]
[traffic bustling]
-[upbeat music]
-[indistinct chatter]
[Jaye] How we doing tonight?
Doing well. I see.
I'll get you two where
you're going safe and sound.
My name's Tess.
[dramatic music]
[instrumental music]
[music continues]